[MM-103]: Added the test cases for the Zoom meeting in threads and Create new meeting option. (#35)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/zoom/general/Meeting_in_threads.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Create a Zoom meeting in the threads on MM."
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: General
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Connect the Zoom account to you MM account.

> 2. Enable the CRT(if disabled) in the settings on MM and open the `threads` from the LHS on MM.

Reviewer: Plugin config, instead of settings

Author: I think i should refactor it to system console, as the CRT is not part of the plugin config but for the posts settings in the System console.

> 2. Enable the CRT(if disabled) in the system console on MM and open the `threads` from the LHS on MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Enable the Collapsed Reply Threads(CRT) in the system console on MM and open the `threads` from the LHS on MM.
```
No need to mention "if disabled", as that is obvious
